Hey! Apple, hey! Hello oh!
Is there anything I can help you with orange?
-You're funny, handsome. [Laughter]
-Yes, you're saying this.
-Hey! Hello oh! -Yes?
Do you touch your nose with your tongue?
-Uhh ... like this. .... ...
It's not a bad thing because you do not have it.
-You're not trying Errl ...
-I can not have a nose.
Come on. It's a fun. Errl ...
Finish! No fun -You're
I bet you can not do anything cool.
-Well, sure I'm I can do all kinds of work
I could tell you the correct GPS coordinates at the moment
-Bo ring!
Hey, Apple! I bet you can not spit orange juice.
[Hack, trickling the juice]
-Ugh! Hey, do not do that. My warranty almost up
-Still bored -I can help you do your taxes.
-Snoresville, USA
Population: Apple [Laughter]
-Well, how about I show you my extensive music collection?
-'Cause it's annoying.
I have ABBA. -Your music sucks.
What do you like to hear some Nickelback?
I can do a lot of good music.
♪ la-la-la, la-la, la-la-la, la la ♪
Please stop that - La La la La la La la La, La La ♪
That's really annoying! - ♪ la la la la la la ♪
Do it! - [Laughs]
You know what I can do?
I make you Autotune and make you less annoying.
-Uh-Oh, no you can not.
[Autotuned]: ♪ la-la-la-la, la la-la-la-♪
♪ Nak-n-n-na, Na, Na-ne ♪
[Laughter]
That's very good! Do it, do this.
♪ La-la-la, la la-ai ♪
La la La la La, La-Ai, hey! ♪
[Autotuned]: ♪ la-la-la, la la-ai ♪
[Laughter]
Hey, you're pretty good, Apple.
Thank you very much.
But you still can not spit orange juice.
[Hack, trickling the juice]
-Ugh-disgust! Dude, you're getting my electronics juice
-Whoops! [Laughter] - [Growls]
Oh oh -Key, orange?
Do you smell that?
I said to you, orange, said orange. We do not nose.
-Smells like ... smoke
Automatically the only thing I smell is ...
[Short circuits, sniffs]
Oh oh
[Spark buzzing] -Ugh!
Apple? Apple?
[Frustration]: Ohu.
Mm, i liked apple a lot.
Well good
Hey, Blackberry!
-Uh, now it's not right, man.
My battery is seriously low.
You're not You
-Hey, orange! What is happening?
-Kinife
[Screaming blackberries]
Captioned by SpongeSebastian